HARI SREENIVASAN: The
Senate Republican health
care bill has suffered
another critical defection,
the fifth so far.
Nevada Republican Dean Heller
announced in Las Vegas today
that he can't support the
bill in its current form.
SEN.
DEAN HELLER (R), Nevada:
Well, it's going to be very
difficult to get me to a yes.
They have a lot of work to do.
But you have to protect
Medicaid expansion states.
That's what I want.
Make sure that we're taken care
of here in the state of Nevada.
That's going to be a very
difficult lift, because I can
see the other side is going
to have problems with that.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Four other
Senate Republicans oppose the
measure over its subsidies.
But with Democrats united in
opposition, GOP leaders can't
afford to lose more than two
of their own and
still pass the bill.
President Trump says he wanted
to force former FBI Director
James Comey to be honest about
their conversations when he
suggested there might be tapes.
He spoke to FOX News after
announcing yesterday that
he didn't make recordings.
As for firing special counsel
Robert Mueller, he said --
quote -- "We're going to have to
see."
Later, the White House
said Mr. Trump has no
intention of doing that.
In Cincinnati, the murder
trial of a former university
police officer ended today in a
hung jury for a second time.
Ray Tensing killed an
unarmed black man during a
traffic stop in July 2015.
He testified that he feared
Sam Dubose was trying to
drag him or run him over.
After a judge declared a
mistrial today, Dubose's family
called it an unjust result.
City officials urged calm.
JOHN CRANLEY (D), Cincinnati,
Ohio, Mayor: As a city, we
will make sure that people who
are feeling a variety of
emotions, and, in my opinion,
justifiably so, have a right to
express themselves peacefully.
And we have every expectation
that that will be the case.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The University
of Cincinnati fired Tensing
last year after his indictment.
North Korea is denying
responsibility for the
death of Otto Warmbier,
the American student
it held for more than a year.
He passed away this
week days after being
returned home in a coma.
In a statement, the North Korean
Foreign Ministry said -- quote
-- "The fact that Warmbier died
suddenly is a mystery
to us as well."
Saudi Arabia and three
other Gulf Arab nations have
issued 13 demands to Qatar.
They have already imposed
an economic blockade,
accusing the Persian Gulf
kingdom of supporting
terror groups.
Today, they said Qatar must shut
down the broadcaster Al-Jazeera
and downgrade diplomatic
relations with Iran,
among other steps.
Qatar said it's
reviewing the demands.
Officials in London
began evacuating five
apartment buildings late
today over fire concerns.
Hundreds of people are
affected, and repairs
could take several weeks.
The buildings have siding
similar to a high-rise
that erupted in flames
last week, killing
79 people.
Investigators confirmed today
that the siding on that building
likely contributed to the
flames' rapid spread.
FIONA MCCORMACK, Detective
Superintendent: Preliminary
tests on the insulation samples
collected from Grenfell Tower
show that they combusted
soon after the test started.
The initial tests on
the cladding tiles also
failed the safety tests.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
investigators say the fire
started in a refrigerator.
They're considering manslaughter
and other criminal charges
against companies that built
and maintained the
apartment tower.
Negotiations are officially
under way to sort out Britain's
exit from the European Union.
Today at an E.U. summit,
British Prime Minister
Theresa May promised no
E.U. nationals living
in the United Kingdom
would have to leave.
May called it a good,
constructive start, but E.U.
leaders were less enthused.
Russia's National Election
Commission has barred opposition
leader Alexei Navalny from
running for president.
The commission says a criminal
conviction for embezzlement
makes him ineligible.
The anti-corruption activist
maintains the case was
politically motivated.
Back in this country, U.S.
military leaders will seek a
six-month delay before allowing
transgender people to enlist.
The Associated Press reports
service chiefs are sending
that recommendation to Defense
Secretary James Mattis.
He will make the final decision.
A ban on transgender troops
serving openly ended last year.
The service chiefs want
more time to develop
policies on the change.
President Trump has signed
a bill aimed at making the
government more accountable to
military veterans.
Vets and their families looked
on during today's ceremony.
The bill gives the Department
of Veterans Affairs more power
to fire employees and protect
whistle-blowers.
And on Wall Street, stocks
struggled to make any headway.
The Dow Jones industrial
average lost two points
to close at 21394.
The Nasdaq rose 28 points,
and the S&P 500 added three.